1) The man option -k searches for a keyword in the short manual page 
   descriptions and displays any matches. I ended up having to use the option 
-e 
   along with it (i.e. the combo, -ke) because otherwise it seemed to interpret 
   something weirdly with regular expressions (which we haven't learned about) 
   when searching. 
   An example usage would be:
			man -ke ls warning
    which would search manpage for ls for the keyword "warning". 


2) We can use whereis <command> to find the location of cp and wc programs in 
   the filesystem.
	Both seem to be located in /usr/bin such that:

	/usr/bin/wc and /usr/bin/cp


3) To find all executables (files) with one character names, I looked into the 
   same /usr/bin branch because the answer to #2 seems to imply that this 
particular branch 
   holds most if not all executables.
	Thought if nothing else it was a good place to start looking. 

	The 'f' stands for file and the ? is a wildcard meaning any one single 
	character. 

	find /usr/bin -executable -type f -name ?

	This returned to me the executables w and [. 

	'w' shows who is logged on and what they are doing. Stalker-ish. 

	'[' (and the likewise builtin shell command, 'test') evaluates 
conditional 
	expressions using a set of rules based on the number of arguments. 
	(e.g. 0 args => expression is false, 1 	arg => expression is true if 
and only if arg is not null, etc.)

4) Out of desparation and vague intuition, I went to /usr/bin and ran this 
   command:
	ls -l emacs

	What it showed me was that emacs is a symbolic link pointing to 
	(denoted by an arrow '->') this file:
	/etc/alternatives/emacs
	Which I assume is the actual file that gets executed when we run the 
	emacs link command. 

5) We know that the format of a symbolic mode changed by chmod is 
   [ugoa...][[+-=][perms...]...], where perms is either zero 	or more letters 
   from the set 'rwxXst', or a single letter from the set 'ugo'.  The comma can 
be 
   used to separate		    multiple symbolic 	modes. So, in terms of 
   permissions, the symbolic mode 'g+s, o-x' means to control file access so 	
   that only other users in the file's group can access, and set group ID 
   on execution. It removes execution permissions for any user who is 
   "other" aka not the user or group members. 

6) In order to search for files that have been modified in the last three 
   weeks, we can use the option:
	find -mtime n 
	(n being a variable multiplied by 24 hrs to tailor how many days old of 
	an object we are searching for with the find command)

7) Using the previous answer, I search for directories that have been modified 
   in the last three weeks by entering:
	find -type d -mtime 21 	//Since d = directory and 3 weeks = 21 
days/24hr periods


8) To find all the files in the same directory as find (the directory being 
/usr/bin, I checked) that are symbolic links
	I input this command while in the bin directory:

	 ls -l | grep --count lrw

	 Because I knew any symbolic link file would begin with the letter 'l' 
for link. And using grep's count option,
	 I was able to get a simple output of the number of times this combo of 
letters occured in the detailed list of files:

	 271 symbolic links total.

9) I pipe the commands:
	
	ls -c | find -type f | tail
	c means sort by ctime, newest first
 	f means output only regular files from the list
 	tail used because I'm only interested in the last entry/entries of the 
list because those will be
 	the oldest regular files, the very last being the oldEST: 

 	./audit/sotruss-lib.so

 10) Looking at the man page for locale, we can see that the data it uses is 
determined by the settings of the environmental 	 variables defined in 
locale(7). 

 11) Based on the given Emacs cheatsheet linked to us in the slides, I found 
that the keystrokes C-h a will allow me to s
	 search the list of Emacs commands  matching a string. This gives me 
the list: 
	 Buffer-menu-sort
	 sort-columns
	 sort-fields
	 sort-lines
	 sort-numeric-fields
	 sort-pages
	 sort-paragraphs
	 sort-regexp-fields
	 tabluated-list-col-sort
	 tabulated-list-sort

 12) While in emacs, I can type C-h k, at which point I am prompted to 
"Describe key (or click or menu item):" in the 			minibuffer. I 
type in C-M-a and find out that it moves backward to the beginning of a defined 
function in Lisp. I then 		type in C-M-h and find out it puts a 
mark at the end of this defined function and points at the beginning.


 13) C-g is the quit command; it cancels commands before they have finished and 
deactiavtes marks.  Quitting with 'C-g' is 		the way to get rid of a 
partially typed command, or a numeric argument that you don't want.  
Furthermore, if you are in 	the middle of a command that is running, 'C-g' 
stops the command in a relatively safe way.  For example, if you quit 		
out of a kill command that is taking a long time, either your text will all 
still be in the buffer, or it will all be 		in the kill ring, or 
maybe both. It does special things during searches; just, depending on the 
status of the search.  		If the search has found what you specified and 
is waiting for input, 'C-g' cancels the entire search, moving the cursor 	
back to where you started the search. Else if 'C-g' is typed when there are 
characters in the search string that have 		not been found--because 
Emacs is still searching for them, or because it has failed to find them--then 
the search 			string characters which have not been found are 
discarded from the search string.  With them gone, the search is now 		
successful and waiting for more input, so a second 'C-g' will cancel the entire 
search.


 14) It pastes whatever you have stored from cutting or copying a section 
previously (the most recently killed text).
 	Brings text from the kill-ring back into the buffer.

 15) I've looked at this thoroughly and can't figure out if I'm missing 
something huge. The only real small noticeable 			difference I 
see purely in the output between the two is that the dired in emacs has these 
first three lines while the 		ls -l output does not:

 	  	total used in directory 323800 available 13093164
  	 	dr-xr-xr-x.   2 root root       73728 Jan  6 11:30 .
 		 drwxr-xr-x.  15 root root        4096 Nov 18 14:34 ..





